             
             steps
             
                step 1: add pwa to project
                nng add @angular/pwa


                step 2 ; set swupdate for chages
                constructor(updates : SwUpdate)
                {
                    updates.available.subcribe(ev =>
                    
                    updates.activateUpdate().then(()=> document.location.reload());
                    
                    )
                }


                step 3: add api endpoint caching in ngsw-config (same level as assets)

                "dataGroups" : [

                    {
                    "name" : "name",
                    "urls" : ["api1"],
                    "cacheConfig" : {
                            "strategy" : "freshness",
                            "maxSize" : 20,
                            "maxAge" : "1h",
                            "timeout" : "4s"

                    }

                    }] 

About pwa

 1) what it is?
 -->Progressive Web Apps are web apps that use emerging web browser APIs and features along with traditional 
    progressive enhancement strategy to bring a native app-like user experience to cross-platform web applications.
    Progressive Web Apps are a useful design pattern, though they aren't a formalized standard. PWA can be thought 
    of as similar to AJAX or other similar patterns that encompass a set of application attributes, including use
    of specific web technologies and techniques.


2)PWA's main features
--> Secure contexts (HTTPS), one or more Service Workers, and a manifest file.

            ->Secure contexts (HTTPS)
                        The web application must be served over a secure network. Being a secure site is not only a
                         best practice, but it also establishes your web application as a trusted site especially 
                         if users need to make secure transactions. Most of the features related to a PWA such as 
                         geolocation and even service workers are available only once the app has been loaded using 
                         HTTPS.
            ->Service workers
                        A service worker is a script that allows intercepting and control of how a web browser 
                        handles its network requests and asset caching. With service workers, web developers can 
                        create reliably fast web pages and offline experiences.
            ->Manifest file
                        A JSON file that controls how your app appears to the user and ensures that progressive web 
                        apps are discoverable. It describes the name of the app, the start URL, icons, and all of the 
                        other details necessary to transform the website into an app-like format.

3)PWA work for all language ?
--> yes it is!! we can use any backend language to code our application but it must give response in front-end with
    html/css/javascript. we can say it uses js is must in fron-end. we can build PWA with vanilla js too. Most famouse 
    frameWork for PWA is Angular,React,Vue, Iconic and Polymer etc. all based on js with that all there is new dev
    tools like scandipwa  which help magento clients to make any website PWA and many more tools like that available.

4)Why Do We Need a Progressive Web App?
-->PWAs help to solve problems like internet speed, slow website load, and user engagement. To overcome these
 problems, there are reasons for using a progressive web app, but these are some of the top capabilities as it
  provides the following:

       -> Fast: 
                PWAs provide consistently fast experience for users. From the moment user downloads the app to the 
                moment they start interacting with it, everything happens extremely fast. It is also fast to start 
                the app again without hitting the network.
       -> Reliable Experience:
                 With the help of service workers, one can paint a picture on the user’s screen even when the network 
                 has failed.
       -> Integrated User Experience: 
                 With PWAs, the experience is integrated and seamless. This is due to the fact that they sit in the
                 user’s home screen, send push notifications and have access to the device’s functionalities like
                 native apps.
        -> Engaging: 
                Since we can send notifications to the user, then we can really drive the engagement up by
                keeping user notified and engaged with the app.

5)advantages of PWA
-->1. Safe & Secure:
                    Without sacrificing performance or security, PWAs provide familiar app experience as what users
                    demand. One of the biggest topics for internet is safety, particularly when it comes to content
                    being stolen, shared or hacked. PWAs are able to combat this problem. As they are offered via 
                    HTTPs that provides major benefits for both users and developers.
    2. Easy Updates:
                    The app updates are most required when it comes to internet use. For improvements, the new
                    features are developed by removing bugs and glitches. PWAs have added the benefits of pushing
                    updates by the developers themselves and not the users. The new updates and features can be 
                    added remotely by the development team. Users will notice new and improved features but do not
                    have to approve updates themselves.
    3. Access Anywhere:
                    Apps come with drawbacks like they need to be regularly upgraded, might be too large to install,
                    or might not be compatible with certain devices. There are a number of factors, which make them 
                    difficult to install and use. This is where the benefits of PWAs come. This is because the app 
                    is offered in the form of an interactive website, and available to particularly everyone with 
                    internet access and a browser.
                    It does not be downloaded and is instantly compatible. There is no fear of the user not having
                    enough storage space. The programs with functionality settings need to be upgraded from time
                    to time. However, PWAs have added the benefit of not needing to be upgraded by the user.
                    If the newer version comes out, they have instant access to it by merely visiting the website.